Document restriction on top-level JSON types explicitly (#1496)
httpie/httpie: docs/README.md

]
```

> Sending other JSON types (`null`, `true`/`false`, numbers or strings) as the top level object is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending scalar JSON types (a single `null`, `true`, `false`,  string or number) as the top-level object is impossible using the key/value syntax. But you can still pass it via [`--raw='<value>'`](#raw-request-body).
```
